holy schnikeys except for me no son
that's for me yeah
you know a lot of people go to college
for seven years I know they're called
doctors this always has been always will
be a family firm Oh Sun Oven someday my
son will run no Luke I am your father
laughs OH
I've interrupted happy time that's my
name
yeah that's your new office now whoa do
we really want to put the future of the
company in Tommy's hands promise me
you'll look after Tommy boy here until
he gets his feet wet sure and thanks for
choosing me
hey Tommy this is not a vacation for me
I'm out here against my will the least
you can do is pretend to work oh I can
actually hear you getting fatter all
right it's sale time - remember we don't
take no for an answer
no okey-dokey I'm gonna pass got you
Thanks oh that's gonna leave a mark
okay check you out
it's a clip on her he's a big dumb
animal isn't he folks no sound the [ __ ]
what you do
I'm a media me yeah on the fall do you
need a lot of paint chips in your kid
why